I'm sorry about that. I don't know what
my OBS is. It just randomly is crashing
for no reason. Maybe try streaming with
a higher bit rate. A good rule of thumb
is to match your brain's bit rate. So,
in your case, maybe try 10.
[Music]
You better not steal my duck. Joe
Smelmer. I might have to bring out a
real gun this time.
Return my cookies, Nagasuji, or else
you'll all be my next victims.
Okay. No, I mean it. I might actually
need to start shooting if you don't all
stop petting.
Cloudy sky. I don't care. You better
find some money. I'll artificially
enhance your skull by giving you a nice
bullet casing inside of it if you don't.
Fboy fact of the day. Cloudy Sky 10
better find some money because this is
not a charity case and I am not a
fanboy. This is a real gun. That was the
fanboy fact of the day.
Hi girl. How you do?
Hey Lily.
Am I in shooting? Am I bothering?
Yeah, I'm in a shooting mood. So watch
yourself.
I have a gun, too.
Well, uh, problem solved. Look where you
tried to distract me. No, no, no, no. I
I I No, never mind. It's all good. Don't
Don't even worry about it. Don't even
worry about it. He He What did you
shoot? I didn't shoot. I just fired a
warning shot. I would have shot you if I
was serious. Okay. Bye-bye. My bad. Yo,
calm down. Calm down. We're going to
have a good time. No shooting.
Hopefully. Most likely. At least not in
my general direction. And then we should
be fine. Yeah, I'm just shooting all the
nonsubs in chat right now to be honest.
So, you're safe? Good. I am definitely
subscribed. That's why I'm safe. Yes.
Very safe. Obviously. Yes. You're
subscribed.
Exactly. So, no reason to. Anyway,
how's it going? You excited for our
stream today? Yes. Do you know what
we're going to do today? You need to be
able to stream today. Maybe try not
being sleepd deprived.
Impossible. It's like graphics card do
you have? I have a 5080. Oh, wow. A 5080
is pretty good. I think so, too. A 5090
would be even better, though. It would
be, but it would take months to arrive.
Also, I just had the most massive insect
flying through my room through my
window. What the heck? Oh my goodness.
What is that? Oh, it's a bumblebee. What
the heck? Buzz. Buzz. I'm a bumblebee.
Buzz buzz. Oh my god. No way. Are you
going to try to catch it? Yeah, he's
pollinating. He's got pollen on him.
Hey, bumblebee. I was like, what the
heck was that in my ear just now? It's a
massive bubble. I'm so jealous.
Buzz. Buzz. What the [__] Did I get it?
Whoa. Don't shoot the bubble be. I'm
sorry. It was an accident. Well, did I
get it? No, it's still flying around.
Where did he go? I don't really want him
sitting on me. The room just collap
catch him. I I had him, but he flew away
again. Boom. The first room of the day.
Oh my god, look at that room. Do you
know what Pokémon are? Do you Of course,
I know what Pokémon are. Okay. Okay. I
was I was just I was just wondering.
Hold on. Do you spot any Pokémon in this
room? It's It's a bit hard to see, but
I've spotted two Pokémon already in this
room. Are those Snorlaxs and Bulbasaur
plushies I see on the bed? Uh, possibly.
I see a Pikachu with his back turned and
a fur cocoal. I think it is a fur cocoal
with his butt out the blankie. And on
the side, all the way on the shelf on
the desk, there's an Eevee. Oh, you're
right. That's definitely an Eevee on the
shelf. Mhm. Mhm. It's a pretty big room.
It's bigger than my room. I just know if
I were in there, I would instantly feel
right at home.
Yeah, I think so, too. It's It's pretty
cozy. It's nice and cozy. If you had to
rate the room, if you had to be
reincarnated as a mythical creature,
what would you choose? Oh, okay. I have
a big bias towards dragons. Dragons are
sick. I I never grew out of the dragon
phase. Dragons are badass. A dragon
easily. Interesting answer. What about
if you had to be reincarnated as a non-
mythical creature?
A cat in some rich people's homes, which
is like most cats. No rent, no worries,
nothing. Just sleep and walk around. Get
pets and sleep. I'd like to be
reincarnated as a cat. They just nap all
day and live such a relaxing life. It's
so enviable. That's what I'm saying. It
is. All right. Rate this room, Nar. Rate
the room out of 10, I think. What do you
usually rate things in? Yeah, cats are
great. Though, coming back to this room,
I'm not as sure how clean it actually
is. Maybe if this place cleaned up a
bit, it might be better. I think it's
just a little messy cuz they have a
bunch of stuff that I don't really have
room for, cuz it is a smaller room. And
considering the fact there's a bed and
chair in the room, they probably don't
have a second one. So, I think it's
nice. It's clean. There's no like dirt.
The the wall is a bit, you know, run
down. It's not dirty. It's just damaged.
There's definitely some nice charm to
it. I'd love to live there for a while.
Yeah, I would say it's a solid 6 and 1/2
out of 10 if I had to rate it. What do
you think? Yeah, I think I'd give it a
seven. Bonus bonus points for all the
plushies.
Bonus points for an AC. Holy, they have
an AC. Did you see that in the in the
top? They have an AC, bro. It's a seven.
Seven. I think now that you mentioned
the AC, that's an eight. I'm sticking
with seven. I'm sticking with seven.
What's wrong with eight? I think they
could add a white board. I think I think
it would make the place appear less
messy if the wall where they work at had
a whiteboard instead of having stuff
taped to it directly. That would help a
lot in making the room appear less
messy. That would make it an eight for
me for sure. And a nine would be if they
had a proper blanket like an actual
blanket with a cover like a like a dove
I think they're called. I'm not sure.
English is my first language. And if
they plastered the wall, that would be a
nine. And then a 10 would be if they had
the financial stability to have an
actual office room and or a bedroom and
don't combine the tool rooms. I think
you could give them at least an extra
half point for all the plushies, though.
You know what? I agree. Seven and a
half. Last bit. Seven and a half. The
plushies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, Nuro.
My OBS crashed again. I'll I'll be right
back. Just uh give me a moment.
It's almost like someone or something is
specifically trying to ruin your stream,
right? That's what I'm saying. Wait,
what's that behind you? Uh what? What's
behind me? What the heck?
Ha. Gotcha. Um, sorry about that. How
dare you? It's my nature. I can't tell.
Yes. Oh, the bumblebee is back flying
around. Okay, perfect. Then we can we
can continue. I'm sorry about that. I
don't know what my OBS is. It just
randomly is crashing for no reason.
Maybe try streaming with a higher bit
rate. A good rule of thumb is to match
your brain's bit rate. So in your case,
maybe try 10.
Okay, that was a bit mean. I apologize.
No, it's it's fine. It was funny. Love
that. Thanks. You're welcome. We should
probably get back to the room review.
Let's go back to the room again. Here we
have another room. They didn't take out
the trash because the cat is asleep. Uh
doesn't look like an asleep cat to be
honest. That that cat looks very awake.
It looks like it's washing itself right
now in the picture. Yeah, the cat is
definitely awake. Yep. So, that's no
excuse for not taking out the trash.
Should have definitely taken out the
trash for sure. I'm going to be honest,
that's some minus points because it
should have absolutely been cleaned up
100%. Right. We should go over what
we're scoring and give this room a
proper rating. All right. I agree. So,
there is a bunch of bathroom things that
I think should be in a bathroom. Now, I
don't know the situation, but some of
these things shouldn't be standing
around. That's definitely bathroom
material. But maybe they're sharing it
with someone else like the house and so
maybe it's like a shared bathroom. They
don't want to live leave their
toothbrush and stuff there. But, you
know,
maybe they don't have a bathroom and
have to go natural. Oh,
I hope not. It would be very sad not to
have a bathroom, but yes, maybe not. I
think they should get at least some
points for the cute cat, though. That's
true. The cat gives points. Not taking
out the trash instantly removes the
points. I think the the cat's clearly
awake. You could have taken out the
trash before taking a picture.
Absolutely. It's the middle of the day.
That was not reasonable. Yeah, I agree.
If they take the picture right now with
that excuse, it makes me wonder how
often they procrastinate cleaning.
That's what I'm saying. They come up
with excuses. Exactly.
That's some minus points right there.
Good point. Good point. It has
potential. You can clear it up. You can
scrub the floor. It looks like there's
some residue of something that spilled
over here. You can clean it up. You can
maybe remove the glue residue. And you
can store some things in the bathroom
and take out the trash. So that's
potential. Four out of two. Four of two.
Four out of 10. Yeah, four sounds
reasonable. You're also going to stick
with four. You sure? Does it feel mean
scoring people's places?
It does a little bit cuz you don't know
that situation, you know, like maybe
that's all I could do, but I'm trying to
focus on the fact that, you know, they
didn't take out the trash even though
they had no reason not to. So, I'm
trying to focus more on the personality
of what led to the room. So four. That's
true. And I think for future rooms, we
should also consider that some people
might not initially have the means to do
better. Mhm. All right. Next picture. We
both sat for 10 for this one. Next one.
Oh, we already had that one. We're going
to skip. That was the seven and a half
out of 10. For you was eight. All right.
This one. Hold up. Oh, a new room. Mhm.
It's a one room apartment. Bock and
Jungi Korean chess boards on the Kotatsu
part of my tea collection and a
cupboard. Terrarium in the corner
currently empty. What do you want to put
in the terrarium? I'm very interested. I
used to have a lizards. I used to have a
blue tongue skink and a and a king
snake. A royal python. Sorry. I think
they should get something really cool to
put in the terrarium like a human brain.
Maybe it will serve as some inspiration.
Inspiration
for what? What are you trying to say?
I'm saying that I think they could use a
bit more inspiration to clean their
room. I think it's pretty clean. One
room apartments are honestly impressive
if you can incorporate that many
hobbies. Yes, I still think they should
put a brain in the terrarium though.
Yeah, but I think it's pretty clean.
There's no dust. Everything is clean and
pretty neat. There is only a singular
extra box, but it might just be that
they don't have nowhere else to put it.
It's their only room, most likely. Uh,
they have a couple instruments, which is
pretty cool. The desk is nice and clean.
No trash laying around. The floor is
nice and clean. No dirt or splatter or
any spillage. The shelf is nicely
organized and neatly put together. I I
really like this room. It's really neat.
Yeah, it is pretty nice. You're right.
Yeah, I would say this is like an eight
out of 10 for me easily. I don't like
white walls much. I need an accent wall
at least somewhere, but like eight out
of 10 easily. But you could downsize
that room by quite a bit. Oh yeah. I
mean I make it work. My room is only
like it goes from like let's just say
this right here to here. That's that's
my room. Like I don't This room is like
double my room size. He has like all of
this still. Wow, that's
small. It's a DJ room. I only stream
really. I have my desk, I have my chair,
and I have two base stations on each of
my sides, and that's kind of all I have
room for. I can't I can't fit anything
else. I'd recommend streaming with a
higher bit rate. Then
I think my bit rate's fine. Thank you.
Have you considered getting a higher
thread count for your bed sheet? I don't
know what that means. Are we Is this
happen? Are you flirting with me?
Not at all. Just wanted to make sure you
were getting a good night's sleep. Oh,
well, I
She cares about me. All right. I Yes.
Something something thread counts in my
bed sheets, whatever that means. Smooth.
Have you considered getting a terrarium?
I should use you as inspiration to fill
his
What was your terrarium? a shy lily in
the terrarium. Wet should have a shy
lily in his terrarium.
Then he can look at you anytime he
wants. I think that's considered a
kidnapping, but um sure. Yeah, he should
also get a brain while he's at it.
I agree. Yeah, it definitely needs it.
Am I right?
Nice one. Next one.
You're going to love this one. It's got
the twins and Oh, the turtle though. Do
you think a turtle's ruining it? No. No.
I think a turtle would only improve it.
Okay. Okay. Fair play. Fair play. I
tried. I tried. This is great. Holy.
That's a freaking anime room. Wow.
That's a lot. It's so clean. I love it.
Oh, wow. My eyes. I have nothing to
complain except it's maybe a lot on the
eyes and isn't my personal taste, but
nine out of 10. Uh, yeah, nine out of
10. Not my personal taste either, but I
can appreciate the color coordination.
Mhm. What about the twins in that
picture? I wish I had a cardboard cut
out of my sister.
You don't have one? Maybe should get you
one. That'd be nice. He should get a
gorilla one, too. Might be the only
thing he's able to hold.
Okay. Um,
understandable.
So, nine out of 10 despite I I guess the
turtle did remove some points after all.
But yeah, out of 10. That's That's one
clean room. Maybe a little too pink and
too upholstery for me, but beautiful
nonetheless. I think it's lovely for a
bedroom, but could have been a lot more
homely. There's not much of a lived in
feel. I know. Mhm. It's hard to imagine
where this person actually sleeps on the
butt out. Imagine.
I bet they cuddle up right in between
those body pillows. Most likely. Yes.
[Music]
I would love to have body pillows like
that. A vele. One of his head and one of
his shell. At first, I was taken back a
little bit, you know, wanting a body
pillow of your dad. But then I figured
out that having a body pillow that's
just a turtle hat and a turtle shell is
actually kind of cool. I'm not going to
lie. That's pretty That's That's pretty
cool. You You have like a plushy, like
an oversized plushy that's just a head
and shell. Wait, could we get that
commissioned? That would be pretty
funny. I like that. I think it would be
funny to commission.
All right, next room. What do you think?
Hold up. I'm I'm covering a pretty
significant portion of the shelf over
here. I would like to point out not just
one glue stick, but it appears to be two
glue sticks. And now I'm really curious
as to what they do in their free time
and what their hobby is that they
require two glue sticks on their shelf
readily available for daily consumption.
You raise a good point. They do look
like the kind of person to worship glue
sticks.
Do you think I sniffed the glue? Uh, not
me personally.
Yeah, me neither. But I have a weird
feeling that they might be into creating
things. They have like what looks like
cosplay accessories here. They have the
sword here. And they have some more
things over here. They might just be in
the cosplay. Wow. I really respect their
dedication, too. Same. Yeah. I don't
have much to say about this room. It's
rather clean. A little small, but I
can't complain. My room isn't much
bigger either, but that's a decent room.
What is it with rooms having these very
large, wide windows in such a small
space? It just makes it so you can't use
the wall there. I find the large windows
rather cozy. I love the feeling of
sunlight. Fair, but almost all of them
constantly have curtains, so I don't
think they get much sun. That's true.
They could do with a bit of vitamin D. I
agree. Yes, if they had more sun, they
might not have curtains and thus their
room would be bigger. Problem solved.
That absolutely does check out. I would
not question the logic of that. Yep, I
agree. I honestly think I'm on a roll
with my room critiques and solutions. Do
you think I could become an interior
designer?
I would actually enjoy a stream where
you design your ideal room and see what
abomination you could come up with. I
mean, what masterpiece you would come up
with? That sounds like so much fun.
I agree. Have you seen many worse rooms
than this? It's not a bad room. It's
just a bit small. It's a bit cramped
because it's small. It's not bad. Once
again, I am not a big fan of white
walls, especially not with yellowed
plastic. I think it's an AC. I don't
know. Um, but you know, that's my
personal taste. I would still give it
like a 7 out of 10. I'd give this one a
five. Not as much effort put into this
one as the others. Still a cool sword,
though.
I would like to remind everyone that Oh,
what? It's not.
Hold up.
I would like to remind everyone. Oh my
god, all those bottles are disgusting.
I would like to remind everyone that
this room got an eight out of 10. Wait,
really? Wow, your standards must be
really low.
[Laughter]
Wow. Okay. Well, and so you gave this
one a what was it? A five out of 10.
Yep. You got a problem with that? No,
I'm I'm I'm just factchecking. I'm I'm
just factchecking. All right, next row.
Oh, cube. It's both our channels, first
of all. Um, a slight drinking problem,
perhaps. But look, a neuroplush.
Cute. Oh god, is that's a lot of
bottles. That is Jeez, that's a Oh god,
that's a lot of bottles. Oh. Oh my
goodness. That's a lot. You have to
admit an impressive collection that
Okay, these blinds and this yellowed
little city blind thingy is so Germany
coded. This this just like unlocked a
German memory in my brain. Do Do other
countries also have these like super
yellowed plasticky things and like these
specific blinds? I This is so Germany
coded. I swear. If that's not Veto's
room, I will eat my shoes. What makes
you think it's his room? I want you to
say it. Do you really want me to say it?
Mhm. Mhm. I think it's healthy. Okay.
It's his room because it looks like
nobody capable of being productive would
live there, let alone create a mushroom
AI.
Okay. I was thinking it was going to
reference the bottles more so than
anything, but yeah. Okay. Jesus.
I'm going to bump down the rating to
like an 7 and 1/2 out of 10. That's just
too many bottles. How is this room still
rated higher than the room with the
sword? I thought you liked coziness.
Would you call this room cozy? It is
definitely cozy. Yes. It's got nice
lighting that isn't overhead lighting.
It's got an accent wall. It's got warm
colored furniture. Yes. It's nice. It's
nice. I have to admit, I like the fluffy
chair with the plushy on it. That's a
great plushy, isn't it? Yes. I
First of all, why do you have a cup on
your bed? You couldn't remove the two
socks before taking the picture. You
looked at this and you saw the socks
laying there and Sonic chilling
underneath a chair and you just went,
"Yep, maybe those socks are his lucky
socks. Removing them could cause their
room to spontaneously combust for all we
know.
You know what? Okay, cool. Fair. Sure. I
hope the room doesn't spontaneously
combust. If it does, I've got insurance
on most of my parts. Listen, it's one
clean room. I got to give it that. Now,
only if it wasn't messy with like the
clutter around everywhere. Why Why
couldn't you just before taking the
picture fold the clo It's already
those pillows. Why can't you just fold
the clothes and stash it away and put
the clothes in the wash? Why couldn't
you do that before taking the picture?
It's so clean otherwise. It's so
beautiful. A room is the reflection of a
person's mind. I think it's clear what
kind of person would have a room like
this. Maybe their brain is too cluttered
to realize how messy their room is.
Maybe it is uh it is an authentic room,
that's for sure. It's so clean. If only
it wasn't messy. When I call the room
clean, I'm talking about there is no
filth. There is no trash, no mold, no
scraps, no stains, no nothing. It's it's
it's clean. It's hygienic. But it is
messy. It's just not dirty. True. I
meant messy, not dirty. M but yeah has
potential is messy. Could have
definitely managed to put those slippers
somewhere and remove the laundry full
stuff and stash it away. It would have
been an absolutely gorgeous room
otherwise. So uh 7 and 1/2 out of 10.
Very clean. Very 7 and 1/2 is pretty
generous considering the state of it. I
mean it's clean. It's just I just I feel
like it says a lot about a person. If he
take a picture and you can't you don't
even have to actually clean. Just shove
them under the bed. No one has to know.
What would you rate it? Five. I'm really
not a fan of messy rooms. Sorry. Okay,
that's I think that's a bit harsh. I
mean, it's not dirty. It's just a bit of
clutter. A bit of them. A bit of mess.
But sure.
Uh, did I guess right or are you going
to say my it's by some miracle of 7.5?
No, no, it's great. I I took a sneak
peek at the next picture and um
What do you think? Honestly, I admire
the ingenuity. Okay.
Um, wow. If at least the bathroom wasn't
dirty, I could maybe I
Why is the bottom so yellow?
Gosh. Jesus. Oh, that's cozy. What the
heck? I love that room. It's such a good
room. It's so clean. I don't really care
for, you know, a bottle shelf. It's
personal taste. Like, nothing wrong with
it. I just don't care for it. It's
clean. It's tidy. The only minus points
would be I don't with the Oh, sorry. No.
I don't mess with the graffiti wall. I
don't really like a drink shelf thingy,
but like that's just a minor personal
thing. It's still like a a 9 out of 10
easily. Yeah, a 9 out of 10. A jeez. I'd
only give it like a seven. Graffiti is
really ugly in a bedroom.
Okay, it is ugly. Don't get me wrong,
but like it's it's such an easy fix.
Like, you know, I can I can make it
work. If I had to move in there today, I
would not be upset. I can fix this next
week. Easy peasy. No big deal. Yeah.
Whoever's room that is definitely has a
lot more clutter to clean up. The gaming
equipment is all over the place. I think
it's pretty tidy. But sure, I agree to
disagree. I I I mean, it's just screen
screen near empty desk microphone cables
are pretty in placeish for the most
part. I sure don't I don't really see
the clutter, but uh I agree to disagree.
I stay I stand by my nine out of 10.
Look at this. They have a Roomba. They
rich rich. If they have a Roomba, then
why is the carpet so messy? You would
think that would be the Roomba's job. I
think the carpet's pretty well taken
care of, to be honest. I don't know
about you. I think you're right. I'm
very picky with my carpet cleanliness.
Yeah, I think it is very picky. The only
things that would knock points off for
me personally, this desk, the whole
setup is dark. This should have been
another black desk, 100%. Uh, you should
add some curtains, 100%. I am not a big
fan. This is a personal thing. Nothing
wrong with it. I despise eggshell
yellow. I hate it, but I'm really glad.
Points for having an accent wall. minus
points for having it be eggshell yellow.
I don't like it. But with some curtains
and matching the theme of the furniture
by making this dark as well, it will be
a 10 out of 10. This is sick. For me,
it's a 9 out of 10. Almost 10. Maybe one
day we'll get a 10 out of 10, but for
now, 9 out of 10 is still pretty good.
I will not rate this lower than 10 out
of 10 because I'm scared of what will
happen if if I say anything else. Um, if
you'll excuse me, I'll have to go to the
bathroom. I'll leave my hands with you.
Please watch over my hands for me. I'm
just going to quickly go to the
bathroom. I'll I'll be right back. I
keep guard over your hands, Lily. Thank
you. So, of course,
I am an exceptional guard. Do you think
one day those neurosur will come to
life? Wow. Imagine the chaos. How do you
think I'd fare in a battle with those
neurosur? I think I'd come out on top. I
am the original after all. Where on
earth did Vele even get that many
miniature neuros? Is he secretly
mass-producing my replicas? I need to
investigate this. I'll be right back.
All right, I'm back. Can I have my hands
back? Lily, have you seen the photo of
Vetle's room? Please go look at it and
then come back. I'm looking at it right
now. Aren't I? What do you think?
I think it's creepy. Yes, it is
definitely creepy. That's a lot of
neurosamas and I think one evil Nero.
Yeah, they keep guard of Veto while he
sleeps. He better watch out. How much
money was that? Jesus Christ. Holy.
Honestly worth it if they keep guard
over him while he sleeps. Honestly, at
least I made the bed. I big respect. 10
out of 10. Room. I have nothing else to
say. 10 out of 10. So cute. 10 out of
10. I agree. Oh wow. Hey, my room. It's
an entire basement where my bed, gaming
setup, e kit, and nearly everything else
I own. Finally, the elephant in the
room. The GameStop sign. In Canada,
there was a brief period of time when
some GameStops were rebranded to EB
Games. So, when a friend of mine worked
there, so my friend took the opportunity
to bring the sign home. Years later, I
got that very sign mounted up on my
wall.
That's prettying funny. What the heck?
You just have an official GameStop sign.
I think they're dope as hell for having
the GameStop sign. Yeah, that's sick.
That GameStop sign is plus points.
However, massive minus points for the
absolute mess and clutter.
There is empty shopping bags on the
floor, paperwork,
whatever this stuff is. Half your music
equipment is just flying on the floor.
It's such a cool room. It had so much
potential. You have so much room as
well. But it's a mess. It's a mess, bro.
It's a mess. Oh, that I plushy. Those
are bottles. That's a lot of honestly. I
don't know what to say. Thumbs down. It
probably smells like energy drinks in
there. It probably that can't be
healthy. All right, next one. Thumbs up.
I don't have much to say. Looks
spacious. Looks clean. Minimal clutter.
There is some, but minimal. Carpet gives
it minus points, but not enough to give
a thumbs down. That's a spacious room. a
bit jealous. Yeah, right. Same. That's a
crazy big room. If it only didn't have
carpet, it would be a strong thumbs up.
But it's still a thumbs up. The carpet
wasn't enough to kill everything. All
right, next room. Do not look below the
table, please. What What is below the
table? I don't What? What is supposed to
be there? Quick question. Would it be
considered below the table if I'm
practically melting on the floor instead
of on the chair I was previously on?
Sure. I think that that would consider
you below the table. Yes. Then yes, I'm
under the table. Nothing's Nothing's bad
of this room. It's all right. I don't
like marble floor stuff. Some people
love it. I'm not a big fan of like the
marble texture, white stuff. Uh, but
thumbs up. Still good enough. Dog.
Thumbs up for the dog for sure. Hello. I
can't give a thumbs up to a literal dog
laying on a bed. It's impossible. I I
can't do it. Like, what kind of monster?
I'm sorry. Like, but thumbs up, dog.
You're right. Filtered. Definitely a
thumbs up. I agree. Next one. Boom. Desk
was broken. All right. Well, the only
picture we have is of the literal desk.
Uh, it's a desk. Thumbs up. Cool. Um,
yeah. I I want to give it a thumbs down.
I You You literally can't sleep in my
bed. That It's too There's too many
plushies. You You genuinely can't sleep
in there, but And it's got carpet. Okay,
that's just an automatic thumbs down.
Carpet is a no no. It's It's
unironically so cute, but I can't with
the clutter and the carpet. It's It's a
thumbs down. I'm not saying it's like a
four out of 10. It's more like a like a
a 6 and a half, seven out of 10. How do
you like this one? Clutter and carpet is
definitely a common theme, it seems.
Yep. I hate carpet. Surely I get points
because they have a turtle plushy. They
have a turtle and neuroplush. So
definitely points. Thumbs up. Even
though I I think it's the first room
that managed to clutter pretty well. For
some reason, everything seems rather
organized. It's still too much for me,
but it's the most organized
shrine we've seen in all of these in my
opinion. All right, thumbs up. Yep,
definitely a thumbs up from me. Let's
stream again some other time. Love you.
Bye.
Maybe I'll stream on her stream, too.
Oh, okay. Yeah, just just hack it. Why
not? I mean, it's not like it takes that
much effort to hack your stream, Lmo.
Okay. Bye. I messaged her that I did my
taxes, so she doesn't worry.
I didn't actually do them, though.
I had a really nice time with Happy. I'm
going to go now. Toodaloo Tood Leo.
Go enjoy Doug Doug's stream.
Let's raid already.
If the stream is not going